previously on fan out of the job stuff
go he offered me money you know what
this calls for a bottle of Israel's
finest the job isn't heiress okay
somebody say something so if you take
this job you'll be you'll be moving to
Paris or facing a bitch of a commute I
know it's huge and it's scary and it's
really far far away from you guys but
this is such an incredible opportunity
for me and I've already talked to them
about her situation with Emma and they
said they'll do whatever we need to make
it feel comfortable okay
I mean I'll fly back and forth they'll
fly you out anything we want my boss
said I might be getting a new lamp in my
cubicle
all right we'll work it out thank you
you sure this is what you want
thank you I got a really incredible job
offer okay great good it's in Paris
what no to much it's changing okay first
Phoebe getting married congratulations
and these two who lost stupid house and
stupid suburbs Hey this afternoon you
said you'd be supportive well it comes
and goes I wouldn't drop it
Oh guys this is really really important
to me it means a lot if you could try to
get on board of course we can
congratulations
yay no no no no no my odds are reserved
for people staying in America don't take
it your France go away from me well it
makes me feel sad but talking Ross I see
Rachel moving to another country not be
able to see her every day how can I be
okay with this
no but what are we gonna do she really
needs this job do you think if if the
Ralph Lauren people offered her her old
job back she would take it how's that
gonna happen is this the best way to use
one of your three magic wishes I don't
like to talk to her boss yeah I met him
at that Christmas party and we really
hit it off
you mean the guy who kept calling you
Braun are you saying we were brothers
technically this is not
that's worries
um yeah I doubt a few curses on people I
just like to see how they're coming hey
all right the house next door the one
that we're buying in Westchester just
went on the market I want to take a look
at the Chandler gun we closed escrow
tomorrow so see another house can only
confuse us and we're easily confused
we're not very bright
what if it's better than ours shouldn't
we at least look what you think please
oh I think that shirt makes you look
like you should work in a baskin-robbins
anyway hey didn't Joey's agent Estelle
Leonard yeah she tell me you're kidding
terrible yeah last Saturday Wow she was
the first black man to fly solo across
Daley
oh wait a minute I read the wrong one
she was just an agent I know he always
wanted to be the first black man across
the Atlantic we can't he was really
about this
he's always flipping out about
everything that's changing just this
will push him over the edge
seriously you don't think I should tell
him well not for a little while in a few
days to get used to everything else what
are you leaving a favor unless Snoopy
says it to Charlie Brown I think we're
okay really
yeah I'm a friend of Rachel Green's um
actually we we met at the Christmas
party about two years ago oh right dawn
clothes Ron uh what can I do uh well I'm
here to see if you'll give Rachel her
job back
huh did she ask you to come here and do
this oh no I first I had to get you to
agree then we'll see if she wants to
come back wow that is tempting
for job here let's face it you're not
gonna find anyone who did it as well and
she did isn't that true
she is good well I took a shot there's
nothing I can do that's not true there's
it's nothing I want to do thanks very
much
this your son yeah his name is Ross
nothing it's just it's it's close to Ron
does he own this little rasta like
dinosaurs by the teens yeah they're only
talks about life how would he like to
come with me to the Museum of Natural
History after everyone else has left
just the two of us and and they can
touch anything he wants
I just heard it how you must have heard
it and that's not good I'm a
paleontologist you'll be there with us
and the touching refers only to bones
fossils you can really arrange that you
let Rachel come back and it's done well
just having Rachel back wouldn't be the
worst thing in the world
yeah I guess don't thank you dude this
is great thank you so much I swear you
your kid's gonna at the time of his life
that's great I worry about little
Rossi's he's always reading he's
collecting rods and he's cest with dice
he'll be fine
mad at my agent Stalin I was a part in
this TV movie that I would be perfect
for and I didn't get put up for she
better have a good reason
I'm guessing shithead I want to hear it
but if she keeps doing it well no wait
wait wait okay
all right I gotta go just listen promise
me that you will wait a minute before
you call her okay why because I promise
between friends means never having to
give a reason I love that same
hello Joey its Estelle just gonna call
you
that's weird it's coincidental but
believable I'm sure you're wondering why
I didn't get you an audition but that
seen a movie yeah actually I am
I guess I dropped the ball there whoopsy
that's it you know seems like all you do
lately is drop the ball don't take that
tone with me who do you think you are
Alan winning the first black man to fly
solo what all I'm saying is you're my
agent okay and you're not getting me
into any auditions and I'm tired up what
do you think I'm saying that this is a
working anymore okay Estelle you're
fired
goodbye mmm we're still Emma left her
stuff t-rex at my house you know she
can't sleep without it well she's asleep
down good okay believe what happened a
Ralph Lauren called and gave me my job
back the weirdest thing they fire me and
then I don't know where they just wanted
me back I mean that place was just
before me people found out that Ralph
Lauren wanted me back they offered me
more money that's that great Hey we're
buying the house next door and we were
wondering if we could just take a look
around oh sure I'm showing if someone
else right now the please look around
Hey I feel like we're cheating on our
house I'm gonna cheat shouldn't be with
like a hot younger house that does stuff
in our house won't do I are so so much
better pretty the smaller the dining
room looks like a cave what a hole so
what do you think love it we already
have one offer on it and I think the
lady upstairs is going to make another
one it could be your neighbors what
would it be like oh the woman upstairs
very nice she and her husband have two
kids he's on Wall Street and she's home
sure okay so bad about firing Estelle
this is gonna be killing now that was a
killer binary embolism might gonna be
taking apart I was like your only client
except for this guy who eats paper and
I'm guessing he eats more money than he
makes but I don't see that great agent
but she did stick with me for 10 years
I'm gonna call her and hire again no no
no you don't don't call her you wait for
her to call you what because patience is
the road to understanding it's the key
to a happy heart you blow me away you
know wait for her to call you I promise
and that means never having to give a
reason
Oh world and yet I never run into
Beyonce you know each other oh we go way
back before Monica made an honest man
Adam chance I used to be my little love
muffin
don't judge me I do getting this house -
ooh are we gonna have a bidding war I
better warn you I'm a Tuffy actually we
were buying the house next door boy good
day I was on the fence but knowing that
you two would be your neighbors now we
have to get it Ellen we're gonna talk
numbers this cannot be happening okay
the realtor said another couple made an
offer maybe the Janice's won't get it
maybe you had a couple will the only way
that that is going to happen is if the
other couple are the Hitler's
okay okay all right why don't we get
both houses and we can turn this house
into a guest house that's a great idea
and by the way I don't need to sound to
Stateville but when did you start
crapping money still got three hours
till escrow closes on our house we can
still get out but we love our house well
we love it so much with her next door
and she's gonna be louder out here too
just just the crickets and oh my but if
we don't get this house she's still got
show up where we go but at least if
she's here it eliminates the element of
surprise
they never again will you have to hear
the three words that make your ball jump
back up inside your body well you have
to do something we can't have her living
next door
who is it me Ron I am I know Rachel
turned you down but I think there's a
way and you might be able to get her to
come back this may surprise you but
rehiring fire employees is not my main
job oh yeah how would you feel about
offering her a raise not good perhaps I
can persuade you what if you could give
your son this genuine pterodactyl egg
replica well that's uh that's pretty
cool huh so we have a deal okay you got
it
yes yes this is gonna make me very
popular Oh believe me the ladies they
love it
I meant with my son good because the
ladies not so much Joey this is auntie
Booker the guy who eats paper here you
fer des don't passed away I wants to let
you know there's a memorial for her at
the Westside Chapel tomorrow at 10:00
hope you can make it hello Joey its we
call and tell you that there's no hard
feelings for firing me I can't believe
you calling me well I didn't think I
should just drop by
try to play you did what you had to do
I'm okay
can I ask you something um what's it
like there
it's alright okay I gotta go
good luck with the career you're gonna
be huge thanks for everything so bye
olivarium boy I'll say I just talked to
Sid
we are definitely putting an offer on
the house and I'll bet beginning the
Hitler's will be so disappointed
tell Monica I say goodbye and I'll be
late a neighbor that's what you to know
that I'm so happy you're going to be
here oh because that way we can pick up
where we left off I never stopped loving
you oh hey I need you I must have you
Janice Lippmann growl McNay hosen Steve
what are you talking about
now that you live next door we can be
together every day
Sid Monica never have to know what thank
you I know what to say I'm you know
obviously we have this heat between us
obviously and I know you love your wife
I don't think we should get this house
now don't say that don't tangle the
dream and take it away Taylor one of us
has got to be strong I understand maybe
just one last moment witness they're
never coming down now
but you are never going to believe what
happened to me today what Ralph Lauren
called again and they offered me more
money but it did you're just saying
Elmer called beanie said we will do
anything we can to get you back and then
I should thank some Ron I don't even
know a department so what do you what
are you gonna do that's great so you're
staying in New York you're excited right
yeah yeah get out of the buddies great
it certainly is your choice right yeah I
was I looking forward to going to
parents sure you know as I excited about
working in the fashion capital of the
world all absolutely
oh yeah but you know this is it's fine
I'm fine
going back to a job right pretty much
gotten everything out of the dive back
we can um I didn't really I didn't no
idea where you were so excited about
Paris um I mean you said you were scared
well yeah I understood scary though you
know what like when I moved to New York
scared or when I found out I was gonna
have Emma uh scared by kisses all right
this is gonna be good
you should go like
it's what you want you should go I
really do
Mary told Selma that I would come back
I'm sure he'll understand all right all
right I'm gonna do it
oh my go to Paris yeah yeah oh thank you
yeah yeah oh I'm so happy
hmm but I'm happy too thank you all for
coming
we're here today to pay our respects to
a wonderful agent and a beautiful world
inside as Estelle has only two clients
we would like to say a few words dude
with my speech that is entertaining at
the LZ book everybody
me